MIT License with Commons Clause

Copyright (c) 2025 Claycode

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights  
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell     
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is         
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR     
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,       
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE    
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER        
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,  
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE  
SOFTWARE.

### Commons Clause

The Software is provided under the MIT License above, with the following 
additional restriction:

**The license above does not grant you the right to sell the Software or 
provide it as a service.** For the purposes of this license, “sell” means 
practicing any or all of the rights granted to you under the license to 
provide to third parties, for a fee or other consideration (including without 
limitation fees for hosting or consulting/support services related to the 
Software), a product or service whose value derives, entirely or 
substantially, from the functionality of the Software.

Any use of the Software that constitutes commercial use as defined above 
requires a separate commercial license.